Ietf last call (#35)
tlswg/sniencryption: draft-ietf-tls-sni-encryption.md

special treatment.

In the future, it might be possible to assume that a large fraction of TLS handshakes

> use SNI encryption. If that were the case, the detection of SNI encryption would

Reviewer: My understanding is that both "was" and "were" are acceptable usage here.

Author: I don't know for English, but in French there are subtle differences between the two. "If it was true, ..." would imply "... but it is not", while "if it were true" would leave open the possibility that it may or may not be. So I went with Barry's suggestion. But what do I know?

Reviewer 2: "were" works!

hidden server, or obtaining the relation between hidden and fronting service
through the DNS, possibly using DNSSEC to avoid spoofing. 

We can observe that content distribution networks (CDNs) have a similar requirement.
They need to convince the client that "www.example.com" can be accessed
through the seemingly unrelated "cdn-node-xyz.example.net". Most CDNs have

> deployed DNS-based solutions to this problem, but the CDN oftens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
deployed DNS-based solutions to this problem. However, the CDN often
```

holds the authoritative certificate of the origin. There is simultaneously

> verification of a relationship between the origin and the CDN (because

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
verification of a relationship between the origin and the CDN, through the certificate,
```

> the certificate can be verified) and a risk that the CDN can spoof the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and a risk that the CDN can spoof the
```

This document lists a number of attacks against SNI encryption in (#snisecreq),
and also in (#delegationtokens), and presents a list of requirements

> to mitigate these attacks. The current HTTP-based solutions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to mitigate these attacks. Current HTTP-based solutions
```

(#snireqdontstickout) may have to be lifted, especially
for proposed solutions that could quickly reach large scale deployments.

The document mentions that encrypting SNI will simultaneously thwart invasions
of the TLS exchange whose purpose is to improve some forms of security,

> and outlines the need of alternative solutions.

Reviewer: We do discuss this topic elsewhere in the document, so it's not out of place to mention it again here.  But the rhetoric does not flow very well, with "simultaneously" only mentioning one thing it does and not also the (desired) primary purpose to balance it.  There's also not much of a transition from the previous paragraph, though in this style of writing there may not need to be one.

Author: Yes. I copied Mike's sentence, but it might be better to just point to the section that discusses the issue.

Author: Please check the new version.
